friends here.
We're going to write one simple pipe transcript that is really part on check if given part
is a file or directory.
So you had to write one by transcript says that it has to read some part after providing
part.
Right.
You're fightin has toe value late that whether the given parties for five or is for
directory,
right,
Fine.
Let me weapon my able first so that as we know,
if you want to read a part what is always a string you need to remember that part is always
history.
If you go with any operating system parties always history First,
let me sail.
Programas identify given part are working on pot That would take something like part files
directly Not the way plane See,
My intention is I want to really apart first.
So parties always a strain.
That's why you know,
in your fight on you have a input syntax to read any string?
No,
I'm taking variable as part and I'm asking the user and Terry were park right?
So after that,
What?
How to do?
What about the part you are providing that?
But how to check with Eliza file or directory pond.
Then how can I will get there?
He previously we discussed for somewhere you were ways dot part sub model off your ways.
Where's that part?
Dot is file.
Is there a tree?
You can go with anyone off that.
So now I want to use waste model that I first unity import your ways Then whatever the part
you are providing,
I'm checking with this condition.
If ways that part dot is filed,
that means if given parties a filing,
then this will become true.
If it is true,
then whatever the logic you're going to write under they were if condition that will
exclude No what I want to display but given But whatever the pot is dead Saudi,
is it fight?
That's it.
So in case if given part given part is not a file,
then this condition will become false.
That means that is not a file.
If that is not their file them.
What is our option?
Definitely.
Desert dotted.
Right.
Then let me do it else block.
I'm writing print that given part.
Whatever the part you are providing that is he's a directory part.
That's a likeness.
Save it.
Now I want to run this.
So let me open my command line.
So already I'm in the location Where you how you are.
Script This one.
Let me run it with your pipes on three I am working with by down three only guys study Be
widely hatchway in Haifa.
My fun.
But we don't simply this thing.
Yeah,
No,
Let me run your script.
That is part file directly.
Not the way.
Yes,
it is asking something.
So,
guys,
we are working on windows,
right?
See,
whenever you help,
If you're looking with windows,
you always you have to always provide.
You are part us.
I mean,
we'll bring your path.
You have to provide two slashes in your part instead of one slash You know what is the
reason we already discussed that in previous sessions?
No.
Let me enter it and see the output.
The given pot.
He's indirectly.
Yes,
you're getting the thing.
No,
let me read on and I'm providing same thing.
But at the end I'm giving our fight on script name itself.
No problem.
We can probably anything not see The result body are getting is a file,
right?
No.
Let me read on and I'm giving something called some ex colon fight on.
So this part I'm giving.
But I will put your getting either directly.
But if you observe,
this party is not there in my host.
If you go with my system,
see that I have only see and you have Jeanneret priests.
I don't have this directory.
No x X,
right?
Why don't how?
But still you're getting information as is Apparently it's absolutely wrong why you are
getting this situation means you are taking if given thing is a file,
then you are excluding this.
So whether dizzy directory are if it is invalid,
then at that time by default,
this result would become false at the time you're excluding else.
That's why what I always before checking whether that is a file or Barrett three Foster,
follow your to check whether that given parties existing on mark,
Right?
See,
that's why what I'm doing is let me ability or entire cold know What I'm doing is if ways
dark part not exist if given but is existing then only I want to identify whether that is a
file or not.
If it is not like this thing,
I don't want to do it night.
Fine.
Like I'm saying,
simply given parties are valid if it is a value that I'm like an identifying.
But it is a file or not.
Ehlz,
bring given.
But if you want to read that part ignited type is not existing on this host not given part
.
Whatever the part you are giving,
luckily right,
that part is a valid one.
Fasting is a valued part.
But let me on this.
Then we will are your core Mark.
Let me go to come online.
Let me run it.
I'm running and I'm probably before running.
Let me do this thing.
This is your core.
Now I'm running and I'm going to provide some random thing.
See,
X is not existing on this host.
Actually,
that is not a valid part.
That's where you're getting that is not existing on this part.
No,
let me a villain and probably some value Pot said this is a valued part,
right?
But it is a file or not secondary.
First of all,
I'm checking whether that is existing on your host or not.
That's what you're doing here.
Where's their part that exists?
See that given part is valid part.
Even if you provide that tree also,
it will work.
See up to this This is inherently part,
right?
It's working so after verifying that is a valid apart Right after that you have to check
whether that is a directory or not.
That's why inside off your if condition you had right One motive condition that is,
if where is that Bobdart is filed then then I can buy it.
Bring given far Whatever the parties there simply I will write on it is a on it easy fight
.
But girls Els,
first of all after existence,
see off your part You are entering into this block inside off that you're if condition one
second We're very thing where there is a file or not with your ways that partner is filed
He's filed.
This will become true than your printing on it is a file part.
If it is not,
then what you're displaying on it?
Is it barrack three.
But that's it,
right?
See that?
I'm going to run and I'm going to provide.
See that value part on it is about three like then Dylan and provide some fight,
but yes,
first of all it is a valued part.
On it is a file part,
not right.
So there's this is the way simply how you can verify given part,
thes a file park or that every part.
So make sure that before violating your party's a file or directory part masterful,
you should check it.
You should verify it,
whether given parties existing on your host are not.
If it is not existing,
then you can't identify.
That is a file or directory I find.
So this is the way how you can work with the world.
Fight on to identify your your parts.
I mean,
like,
file or directory like Okay,
okay,
guys,
thank you for watching this video.